the one who needs a little trip and a
vacation maybe in Marta arriesco there
are no people divided because in the
stories no you are saying the same thing as
me about the stories I do not understand
both sides but I think that here there is a
bit of the same old thing that people who
already want to be against her to have an
opinion and are going to look for a way to have a
negative opinion of her and the people who
are in favor of her let's see what she has
said has been a few truths
we can't post the stories and read the
stories there it has to be yes
no on Twitter we read Of course but you would have to
read Isabel's thing first no no Of
course I am responding to that
publication by Isabel rábago There was a
time when nobody cared about your
mental health that you were medicated that you did
not have the strength to even get out of
bed or that you tried to get out of the
way because you simply could not take
the harassment anymore and to which you were subjected
daily for years without compassion without
shame How history changes right If I
am proud of anything it is of having been there
when very few were when
the pounding was  unbearable and your
silence unbreakable but in your case
as in many others I am usually
wrong very rarely go on time
ends proving me right My sense of
justice loyalty is far
above work and money you and those who
really know me know it But
above all Rock I am very proud to see
you rebuilt happy and to have you and to
have it always very close to our
lives without lights or stenographers without
publicity Although I can't avoid that it is
very occasionally I show you
publicly how proud I am of
you and the version of life that you give is worth a
lot of [ __ ] in Seville it
surprises me because on many occasions I
agree a lot with the political
social way of the judicial issue of how
Isabel Rábago thinks and I just don't understand
this subject it doesn't get to me Fabi Don't be so
cordial and so correct that you
never are, it doesn't get to you not this lady what she has
written I mean she doesn't believe it Nor does she
sense of loyalty 90% of the
people in the chain can't
stand you I mean I want to tell you
people know you have played with
people's jobs you have  betrayed
everyone who loved you I have
people who are not on television right now she has
even been godmother to
people I mean she has betrayed but let's go to
the minimum and for everything she has trampled on
absolutely everyone I mean they are people
and for me I said it recently that she is one of
the worst for me the worst person I have ever
met on television I mean you
make things difficult for yourself it
destabilizes you and hurts you besides not being
able to but the thing is that she achieves it now
no longer but at the beginning when you start yes So what she
is saying the
concept of loyalty of this lady God
willing that no one ever has to have
the loyalty of this lady or far or
loyalty that it is loyalty we
are calling it her ideology that we have
always heard her say that it is
believing in the rule of law that it is
believing in the presumption of innocence and
that it is respect until justice
dictates as a clique I am the same
a television dish that I can believe
the information and the version of Rocío
Carrasco and I am the same one who defends the
presumption of innocence every day
of previous in the case of a very
clear vein it has never been
close friend of hers until here she said I have to
work and it has been a
godsend for her what happens is that we
cannot fool ourselves just like Pilar Vidal if she
is her friend I think Isabel Rábago no
something else that has a good relationship that has
approached her and that the other one and the
others the two well have a
relationship from there friendship not in the case of
Pilar for example yes there was a time in which
nobody believed you nobody cared about
your mental health I was in the
moments it is being
questioned a lot because
antenario talks about the children Who is the
first person to put the children in
the exclusive wave Rocío Carrasco when she
says I don't care about absences it is going to be
the happiest day of my life and me and all of
Spain says how can she say that if you are
mainly missing your children I
am not a mother you would be I am a mother
see those messages that that girl puts
When nobody believed you I was already there
no then over here it's like But if I
have a video where she is
defending Antonio David on
Spanish television fighting on a
gossip show with Pilar Vidal
arguing about Antonio bielorcito
because already  I was very involved with Antonio
David
who had a relationship with a
well-known person and once that happens, well, no, not a
relationship, a blessed marriage, he works, he
works, look how he defends it here, eh.
And I would like to now, if we get down to it, I
think your analysis is great.
And now I'll pass it on to you. And who
is Rocio Carrasco?
What does Rocio Carrasco do? Why is
she known? The same questions that you
asked Antonio David, I'll ask you
about Rocio, but exactly the other day,
but look, how is the story, Javi, the
other day I think I think it was a four a
day in many ways, if I'm not mistaken, I
think, if I'm not mistaken, that
talking about the issue of Dani Alves, about Dani
Alves. Sorry. He even sort of let it be
seen that it's good that we had to wait
to see what justice said, that yes,
the testimony that is contracted, but
let's wait, let's leave the
innocence, no, ma'am. So that double stop is that it
totally betrays itself and let's
remember that it was as a witness to testify
in favor of Pepe Navarro who is an
abuser by sentence, it doesn't
make any kind of sense, besides
when  you publish it that she got angry I
want to tell you that she follows very
clear patterns of an interest as she has
always continued So I do admire
people who for better or for worse in the
correct incorrect position but they
position themselves in favor of what they feel or
what they believe not of what they have to
believe for money for an interest is that it
seems to me so dirty and so unworthy
that I do not share it I have to
respect it because it is what there is But
then do not come giving
moral lessons it is that I would love to have it
now now that things have changed
that an evolution that one changes that
one learns to have it in front of you Now you
know why it is that it does not have any type
of argument besides it is that she is the typical one
on top of that makes you feel bad and then on
top of that it seems like she is the victim after
hurting you making your life
impossible And that tactic she
always uses it does not work anymore and no Not really I hope I hope I hope I hope I hope
she has
done it she sees that she is invited
because she does not have to because deep down she is a
coward because deep down a coward at the
same time with her posturing Looking at  camera
so fake so artificial so such And
she's the typical one even I know that
if she can try to veto someone she'll
do it on television Hey I don't want this
person is I don't think she has that
power anymore But honestly she's the typical
person that I The further away the better I
understand that on television and my grandmother
will scold me Marino you talk too much it's that I don't give a damn It's that
I'm not
politically correct and I have no
reason to keep quiet about people who act the way they act
like this lady So ​​it
's people like that The further away the better the
people on television
Yes with her I get really angry and it
transmits that because it's real because it
comes out and she knows how angry you really get I mean
like you don't get with anyone no There must be a reason
because she made me have a
really bad time on Viva la Vida man and I was leaving
there with anxiety attacks you know and I
was really bad for a while and she
contributed to that evil so she
turned it around as if to make herself look like a
victim you know and to end up like it doesn't
work because people know her thank
God and people are not stupid and people
see things through a  screen
but when you start new and with enthusiasm and
desire and energy with
information and they try to knock you
down again and again again and
again destabilize before
going live stop being bad
bullying your classmates and
doing No honey no no and then we
complain about the people who Oh it's that
on social media they tell me such look really is
that I would love to have her in front of me I would love to have her in front of me it's that she really pisses
me off
And I totally agree Alba Carrillo
when she put her in her place in
this sense Alba applause as a girl I don't
want to agree with her and you will never
see them together on it's already noon never not
her or more classmates But because it
is like that There must be a reason and more classmates And
now because it is not there currently
when she was already on a reality show more
classmates commented How was it And it is like that
but it is like that it is that
nothing happens just as there are people that I may
like more or less But I recognize her
value her values ​​her talent in the case
of this lady I can't tell you
absolutely anything good Beyond the fact that I
think she is very intelligent obviously and that she
has certain qualities
communicative when it comes to communicating without that I
recognize it but it's that but that's it that's it I'm already
left I don't care
eh I don't care about
coming whenever she wants just like all the
characters
to come and also she I see this or rather it's not that no I haven't
found out no no
she sees this I mean if I didn't
hear your proposal the other time I'm sure she'll
hear your proposal now and Hey
Isabel come because I think there's
something to clarify here between Marinette if I would
love to but she's not going to do it You
think she's going to do it let's see I would
love to I do see a person
exploding like you are exploding
exploding but Because it's from the
heart and from an experience from the
truth I mean she doesn't know what
the truth is understand clearly tell me in
the chat would you like
Isabel Rabago to come one night and talk about
the problems she has with Marina
Hernal because I think she should and Hey
Marina What's wrong with you with me What have I
done to you why do you have
this opinion of me no that no people
you I do want I do  I want yes like
no family But well let's see It's that
this needs to be clarified no I don't know I
understand you know what happens Javi that
then on television you see it's what I was
telling you before like a lot of cordiality and
camaraderie well maybe they are or have the
ability to be like colder when it comes
to separating No I can't help it
And look I try to behave
politely always from the first
moment it's impossible or I mean it's impossible
when the other person I don't really
tell you or I mean and you try to
solve things there but when you see bad
intentions all the time on the part of a
mean person and when you see that you
are not made of the same stuff it's just that there's
no way and that as you would have
said before ideologically I have things
that I agree with her but it doesn't matter
because when the ways are
different
the utmost education in the world because I
have nothing with her you know on the
contrary when she asks me something let's
go she won't be able to say the opposite
beating very politely also I always
end up the same whatever you need Here
I am like the doubts you have here
I am because she asks me things on
YouTube or whatever  no but let's see,
honestly, I have
really liked her arguments Always in some things,
in many things and now I don't agree
at all with this position, I mean
because she precisely defends everything,
on the contrary, which is a documentary about
Rosita and she has not been with Rosita
When nobody believed her, no, no, the only
part Of course, of course, from 2018 onwards, I think
she was the only one who has been with Rocío,
things as they are When nobody believed her, it has
been Belén Rodríguez And where is
Belén Rodríguez Pilar Vidal and that's it, and the
fields are silent
because the subject, the subject itself of Rocío,
but well, yes, yes And in the end it was Yes, yes, of course,
the fields Yes,
with this subject linking It turns out that
the one who explodes is Marta,
to all this I love to see Marina
there naturally, already, already
[Music]